java c
NE/PS   212:   Projects   1      2
Introduction to MATLAB Programming for Research in Psychological  Brain SciencesPlease   pick two of these   10 options as your   ﬁrst   and second   project.      I   have   tried   to   make   them   as   interesting   and   varied   as   possible.    The   projects   are   meant   for   you   to   explore   and   analyze   the   data   that   is   provided   and   have   fun doing   it.    The   class   is   heterogeneous   and   so   some of you   might   enjoy doing one   project   or   the   other.
You   obviously   cannot   do   the   same   project   twice.   Again   this   can   be   done   in   groups   (max   2   per   project!)   .Ultimately,   my   hope   is   that   these   projects   will   serve   as   a   scafold   for   you   when   you   do   data   analysis   in   the   real   world.    The      projects   are   due   on   the      Friday   the   7th   of   March   and   on      Friday   the   25th   of   April.    Show each   other   your   projects   and   help   each   other!    This   is   meant   to   translate   your   learning   in   the   class   to   actual   projects   that   one   can   do   and   gain   real-world   skills.
Generate   one   or   more   matlab   scripts   or   functions   to   answer   these   questions.    Ideally   you    use   cells   to   answer   diferent   parts   of your   code.
You   can   also   learn   about   MATLAB   live   scripts   which   allow   you   to   present   a   notebook   of what   you   did.
Instructions   for   submission
1.    Everyone      should      submit      a      zipﬁle         named      lastname         project1    -      for      example         I      would      submit         “Chan-   drasekaran         Project1.zip”   .
2.      Inside   this   zip   ﬁle   should   be:
•   Your   main   script,   which   should just   be   your   last   name,   like   ”Chand.m”,
•   Separate   .m   ﬁles   for   all   your   functions,   and   the   data   that   your   project   uses,
•   A   published   .html   or   .pdf of your   matlab   script.
3.    To   Html or   pdf   publish go to   the   publish   menu   → select   the   down   arrow   under   publish   →   edit   publishing   options   →   change   the      location   to   the      lastname         project1   folder.         (if   publishing   an      html      make   sure   all   images   are   included,   pdf   is   simpler)   .
4.    Once   all   your   ﬁles   are   in   the   folder,   zip   the   folder   and   upload   it   via   the   link   on   blackboard,   If you   don’t   know   how   to   zip   a   folder:   http://rasmussen.libanswers.com/faq/32413
5.    Please   make   sure   you   include   your   code   or   comments   who   you   did   the   project   with.
1          Psychometric   and   Chronometric   CurvesOften   times   in   neuroscience,   you   need   to   plot   the   behavior   of   animals   when   they   perform   various   tasks.   In   a   .mat   ﬁle   I   have   provided   a   matrix   with   three   columns.    The   ﬁrst   column   lists   the   stimulus   condition   which   is   the   number   of   red   squares   in   the   checkerboard   out   of   225.       The   second   column   lists   whether   the   animal   responded   red   (denoted   by   a   2)   or   green   (denoted   by   a   1),   and   ﬁnally   the   last   column   the   reaction time of the animal.   The data are   basically of a   monkey   performing   a   red-green   reaction   time   visual   discrimination decision-making task with   arm   movements   as the   behavioral   report.    The   psychometric   curve   and chronometric curve (reaction times) can be found in Figure   1 of   this paper   (   https://www.nature.com/   articles/s41467-017-00715-0.).   We   are   basically   replicating   some   of   these   ﬁgures   with   help   of   the   data here.   The data are stored in   Project1         MonkeyBehavior.mat.
1.   Calculate a signed   coherence   parameter which   is given   as   100*(R-G)/(R+G),   print   the   minimum   and   maximum of this signed coherence parameter.   (5   +   5   points).
2.   Calculate the percentage of trials the animal responded red as a function of the signed coherence of the   checkerboard.   Plot this in a graph where the x-axis is signed coherence, y-axes   is   percentage   responded   red.   T   (20   points)
3.   Calculate the   mean   reaction time for   each value of signed coherence.    Plot this   again   in   a graph   where   the x-axis   is signed coherence and y-axes   is   reaction time.   (20   points)
4.   Can you include error bars for the reaction time curve.   To calculate error bars, you ﬁrst need to measure   the SEM, which is deﬁned   as   follows   (10   points)
Where X is the variable of interest (in our case RT) and N is the number of   data points.   Once you   have   an SEM. You can   use the errorbar function to   plot   the   errorbars   for   the data.
5.   Plot a   histogram of all the   reaction times observed for the animal.    Does the   reaction time distribution   look Gaussian?   (10   +   5   points)
6.   Plot the median and the mean of RTs as a function of   the signed coherence.   Is the mean or the median   larger?   If so why?   (10   +   5   points)
7.   Label all axes and   include   legends and   make sure   all   labels   are   legible.    Provide a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at the top of the ﬁgure.   (This will need some   research).   (5   points).
8.   All functions   need to   be commented and code   needs   appropriate   comments.    Files should   execute   with   minimal modiﬁcation.   (5   points).
9.   Note we are not looking for inefficient and awful looking where people do not   use for   loops   and   manually   calculate   the   percent   red   or   RT   for   each   signed   coherence.    These   kinds   of   solutions   will   be   docked   multiple   points.      That   is   not   the   intent   of   programming   in   this   class.      We   expect   clean   and   clearly   documented code.

Figure   1:   What   I   typically   expect   the   output   from   project   1
2            Properties   of   DistributionsA    lot   of   analyses    in    neuroscience    and    psychology   often    involve    analysis   of   properties   of   distributions.       For   instance   in   classical   signal detection   theory,   the   assumption   is   that   stimuli   and   noise   are distributed   according   to   the   normal   distribution.      Similarly,   ﬁring   rates   of   some   neurons   can   be   poisson   in   nature.    When    neurons   are   poisson,   the   inter   spike   intervals   are   exponential.    In   contrast,   some   neurons   are   more   regular   than   poisson   in   which   case   the   inter   spike   interval   distributions   follows   a   gamma   distribution.    Reaction   times   often   do   not   follow   a   gaussian distribution   and often   follow   a   gamma distribution.    Finally,   beta distributions   are   often   used   to   model   undergraduate   scores   in   exams   and   also   as   the   prior   in   Bayesian   statistics.      These   are   not   a   part   of   the   class   but   will   be   a   scafold   for   the   future.To   help   you   get   an   understanding   of distributions,   I   am   giving   you   the   opportunity   to   play   with datasets   from   these   distributions.    Download   the   dataset   from    Blackboard.    You   should   get   a   matrix   with   2000   rows   and   6   columns.    Each   column   is   data   generated   from   a   distribution.   There   are   6   diferent   distributions.
1.    Plot      the      histogram      of   the      six      distributions.       We      want      2    rows      and      3    columns.          Use      20    bins      for      the histograms   (10   points)   .
2.    Write   a   function that   calculates the   mean   and variance of the   distributions   (20   points)   .    Remember   the   sample   mean   and   the   variance   are   given   as
Mean:
Variance
3.    Calculate   the   sample   mean   and   the   sample   median   for   the   distributions   and   produce   a   bar   plot   of   the   means   and   medians.   We   want   both   mean   and   median   for   all distributions   in   the   same   plot   and   for   each   distribution the   mean   and the   median should   be side   by   side.    Do   you   notice   something   about   the   means   and   the   medians   of the   diferent   distributions?   Can   you   comment   on   why   the   medians   and   means   have   this   pattern   for   these   distribution?    (10   +   5   +   5   points)
4.    Besides    the    mean,    median,      and      the    variance,    distributions    are      also    described      by    the    skewness    and   kurtosis.
Skewness   tells   you   the   assymmetry   of   the   distribution   about   its   mean,   that   is   whether   the   majority   of   the   data   is   shifted   to   the   right   or   left   of the   mean.    A   normal   distribution   is   centered   on   the   mean.
Skewness:
Kurtosis   is   also   another   quantity that describes the   shape of the   distribution.      It   provides   insight   into   the   tails   of   the   distribution   and   tells   you   whether   the   distribution   is   heavy   (meaning   more   extreme   values)   or   narrow   tailed   (meaning   fewer   extreme   values)   .      A   normal   distribution   has   a   kurtosis   of   3   and   is   used as   a   reference   distribution.
Kurtosis

5.    Using    your    Kurtosis    and    skewness    measures      provide    an      intelligent    and      cohesive    comment    on    the    6   distributions.    Do   some   research   on   positive   and   negatively   skewed   distributions   and   on   leptokurtic   and   platykurtic   distributions   and   use   that   as   a   scafold   for   your   answers.    (15   points)   .
Write   a   function   that   returns   the   mean,   the   variance,   the   skewness   and   the   kurtosis   for   a   distribution.   We   expect   4   return   values   one   for   each   of the   metrics   of the   distribution.    (25   points)   .
6.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.      Provide   a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.    (This   will   need   some   research)   .    (5   points)   .
7.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.    Files   should   execute   with   minimal   modiﬁcation.    (5   points)   .
3          Variance,   covariance   and   correlation   between   two   sets   of   dataOften   times   in   neuroscience,   you   wish   to   know   if   ﬁring   rates   of   two   neurons   are   correlated   with   each   other.   This   is the ﬁeld of noise and signal correlations   (cf.    Ruf and   Cohen,   2016)   .    To calculate   correlations   between   variables   you   need   to   deﬁne   something   called   covariance.
Remember   in   class,   we   have   talked   about   mean   and   variance   which   have   the   following   forms.
Mean:
Variance
In   the   above   equation   sx    is   the   standard deviation   and   square of the   standard deviation   is   the   variance.    When   one   needs   to   understand   the   relationship   between   variables,   the   relevant   quantity   is   covariance,   which   is
We   will   try   to   implement   functions   to   calculate   these   quantities   using   MATLAB.
1.    Generate   a   variable   X   as   a   column   vector   with    100   normally   or   gaussian   distributed   random   numbers   with   a   mean   of   3   and   a   standard   deviation   of   3   .   Then   generate   3   variables   Y1,   Y2   ,   Y3      with   the   following   commands.   What   are   the   sizes   of the   vectors   you   generated?    (2   +   2   +   2   +   2   +   2   points)
•   Y1   =   3*X   +   2*randn(length(X),1);
•   Y2   =   -3*X   +   2*randn(length(X),1);
•   Y3   =   4   +   2*randn(length(X),1);
2.    Write   a   function   that   returns   the   mean   and   the   variance   when   given   an   array   as   an   input.    (20   points)   .   Run   the   mean   and   variance   function   on   the   data.    Show   that   your    implementation    provides   the   same   result   as   built   in   functions   in   MATLAB.
3.    Do   you   notice   any   similarities   between   the   equations   for   variance   and   covariance?    (10   points)   .
4.    Plot   all   3   variables   versus   X.   We   are   expecting   1   ﬁgure   with   3   sub   plots.    We   want   1   row   and   3   columns of   plots.    Look   up   the   subplot   command.    (10   points)
5.    Calculating   covariance
(a)    Write   a   function   that   calculates   the   covariance   between   two   variables   X   and   Y.   (5   points)   (b)    Use   this   function   to   calculate   the   covariance   between   X   and   each   of   Y1,   Y2   ,   Y3   .    (5   points)
(c)    Does   your   estimate   of   covariance    matches   the   results   from   the   cov   function   in   matlab?    Can   you   rewrite   the   function   so   that   it   provides   the   same   result   as   the   MATLAB   function?    (10   points)
6.    Now write   a   function   that   calculates   the   correlation   between X   and   Y.   Correlation   between   two   variable   X   and   Y   are   given   by   the   equation.
.
Again   examine   if   the   results   of   your   function   match   the   results   of   what   you   get   from      MATLAB.   (20   points)
7.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.    Provide   a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.    (This   will   need   some   research)   (5   points)   .
8.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.    (5   points)   .
4            Mortgages
Assume   you   are   getting   a   mortgage   with   a   housing   price   V,   a   downpayment   %   of   d,   a   yearly   interest   rate   r   for   n   years   from   your   friendly   neighborhood   bank.
1.    Install the datafeed toolbox and   retrieve the 30 year   mortgage   rate   in the   united   states   and   plot   this   rate.   Which week was the   rate   highest?    Mark that   point   on   the   plot.    Which week   was   the   rate   lowest?    Mark   that   point   on   the   plot?    Can   you    identify   which   weeks   that   these   highest   and   lowest   rates   correspond   to?    (15   points)
2.    Given   V,   d,   r,   n.    Derive   a   formula   for   the   amount   of   mortgage   you   pay   each   month?    You   can   deﬁne   a   variable   called   Principal   (P)   from   V   and   d   (20   points)   .
3.    Implement   this   formula    in   MATLAB   and   ask   the   user   to   input   the   values   of   V,   d,   r,   and   n   and   return   the   monthly   payment   (15   points)   .
4.    Calculate   how   much you   pay   in   interest and   how   much you   pay   in   principal each   month.    Plot   the   interest   and   principal   for   each   month   that   you   pay.    At   the   start   of   the   mortgage,   what   are   you   paying   for   the   most.    How   much   of your   mortgage   have   you   paid   of   by   the   year   n/2   .    (10   points)   .
5.    How   much   interest   are   you   paying   through   the   duration   of your   mortgage?    (10   points)
6.    Now   assume   that   you    received   a   small   windfall   amount    “S”    in   year   3   of   your   mortgage   and   your   bank   allows you to   pay that towards your   mortgage.   Assume from   month 37 onwards the   mortgage   is   reduced.   What   is   your   new   monthly   payment?    (20   points)   .
7.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.    Provide   a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.    (This   will   need   some   research)   .    (5   points)   .
8.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.      Files   should   execute   with   minimal   modiﬁcation.    (5   points)   .
5            Pattern   SeparationsIn   this   project,   the   goal   is   to   perform   pattern   separations   as   we   performed   in   the   lecture.   Assume   that   there   are   3   classes   of   neurons.    We    have   identiﬁed   2   features   for   500   neurons   in   each   class.    W代 写NE/PS212 - Introduction to MATLAB Programming for Research in Psychological & Brain SciencesMatlab
代做程序编程语言e   are    reaching   out   to   you   to   help   us   with   further   analysis   of   this   data   and   classifying   new   neurons   that   we   have   identiﬁed   the   features   of.      The   neuron   classes   are   given   in   the   attached   mat   ﬁle.
The   second   variable   in   the   ﬁle   are   the   new   example   neurons.
1.    Load   the    neural   data   and   plot   the   diferent   neurons   in   a   2   dimensional   space.      Use   diferent   colors   to   plot   the   diferent   classes   (say   red,   green,   blue)   and   diferent   markers   (x,o,   and   diamonds)   (10   points)   .
2.    Plot   the   mean   feature   of the   three   diferent   neuron   classes   (5   points)   .
3.    What    is   the   shape   of   the    clusters?       Do    you    think    the    clusters    are      equally   dense?       Can    you    provide   quantitative   support   for   your   conclusions?    (3   +   3   +   4   points)
4.    Create   a   function   that   takes   two   vectors   as   inputs   and   computes   the   cosine   similarity   between   them.   Show   how   well   your   function   performs   by   comparing   with   simple   vectors.    (20   points)   .
5.    Calculate   cosine   similarities   between   the   neurons   in   each   class   and   mean   of the   features   for   each   class.
(15   points)   .
6.    Calculate      mean   cosine   similarities      between   the      neurons      in   class      1   and   the      mean   for   classes   2   and   3   .   Repeat   for   the   other   two   possible   combinations.      Store   all   your   answers   in   a   3 x   3   matrix.    The   diagonal   values   tell   you   the   average   self   similarity   whereas   the   other      points   tell   you   the   similarity      between   the   neurons   in   class   i   with   the   neurons   in   class   j   (10   points)   .
7.    Do      you      think      the      neuron      classes      are      well    separated?       Discuss      using      the      similarities      calculated.          (10   points)   .
8.    Calculate   the   similarities   for   each of the   new   example   neurons   and   identify   which   class   is   the   most   likely   for   each   of   them.      You   can      use   the      mean      point   for   the   classes   for   calculating   the   similarities.         (5+5   points)
9.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.      Provide   a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.    (This   will   need   some   research)   .    (5   points)   .
10.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.    Files   should   execute   with   minimal   modiﬁcation.    (5   points)   .
6          Simulating    the    Lorenz    Attractor    model    using    diferential    equations    (ad-vanced)This   project   is designed   for those with   prior   programming   experience   in   MATLAB   and/or other   languages   and   any   experience   in   solving   diferential   equations.    This    project   will   provide   you   with   the   opportunity   to   model   the   chaos   and   uncertainty   that   manifests   in   all   aspects   of   life,   including   neural   networks.    Also   known   as   the   Lorenz   butterly,   the   Lorenz   Attractor   is   a   famous   system   of   diferential   equations   to   determine   an   object’s   path   for   any   given   starting   position   on   the   attractor.    There   is   nothing   random   about   this   system!    However,   for   some   values   of   the   initial   parameters   ,   r,   and   b,   the   attractor   makes   it   so   that   two   initial   positions   that   are   arbitrarily   close   (but   not   the   same)   will   diverge   after   a   number   of   steps.    This    is   known   as   deterministic   chaos,   and   relects   the   unpredictability   that   can   arise   from   approximations   and   forecasting.
If you   want   to   explore   the   Lorenz   Attractor   in   more   detail,   please   refer   to   this   great   interactive   model   which   should   help   give   you   a   better   initial   understanding   of this   network:
http://www.malinc.se/m/Lorenz.php
The   system   of diferential   equations   for   the   attractor   is   as   follows:
After   you   have   familiarized   yourself   with   the   attractor,   you   will   need   to   declare   your   initial   parameter   values   (   sigma   ,   R   ,   and,   beta)   and   conditions   (x,   y,   and   z)   .    Start   your   model   by   creating   a   vector   with   the   classic   attractor   values.   .   .
...And   another   vector   with   your   initial   conditions.    You   may   begin   by   using   x   =   0; y   =   1;   z   = 20 After   declaring these values, you will   also   need to   create   a timestep   variable   and   a   timespan   array.    Aim for      50,000   timesteps.
1.      Write   a   function   ‘lorenzattractor’   that      utilizes   your      initial      parameters   to   create   the      lorenz   system   of   three   diferential   equations   from   your   parameters   and   initial   conditions.(10   points)
2.    Now      that      you      have      your      diferential      equations,    use      the      ‘ode45’    function      (this      may      require      a      bit      of   research)   to   solve   your   system.    Ode45   will    integrate   the    Lorenz   equations   you   have   created   over   the   timespan   you   declared,   starting   at   your   initial   conditions.      Be   sure   to   control   for   error   tolerance   using   ‘options’.(30   points)
3.    Plot   your   attractor    in   3D!   Does   your   graph   match   your   expectations?    How    might   it   be   diferent   from   other   simulations   of the   Lorenz   Attractor?    (30   points)
4.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.    Provide   a   title   for   the   graph   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.(5   points)
5.    Adjust   your      initial      attractor   values    and      re-compile.       Do      you      observe      any      changes?       How      might      they relect   the   idea   of deterministic   chaos   and   how   it   relates   to   our   ability   to   create   accurate   predictions   in   neuroscience?(20   points)
6.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.    Files   should   execute   with   minimal   modiﬁcation.(5   points)
7          Analysis   of   spectrograms   of   soundsThis   project   is   suitable   for   students with   a   signal   processing   background or who   ﬁnd the   class   trivial   right   now   :)!   As   a   psychological   researcher, you often spend time   designing   auditory   stimuli   for   experiments   or   analyzing   the vocalizations of species such   as   mice,   monkeys, or   lies.    One of the   most   handy   things   to   do   is   to   learn   to   generate   sounds   and   play   them   and   also   analyze   their   structure.    Here,   we   will    learn   how   to   generate   simple   sinusoids,   amplitude   modulated   signals,   and   frequency   modulated   signals.
For   generation   of   sounds   assume   a   sampling   frequency   of   12   KHz.   Waveform   amplitudes   should   be   between   -1   and   +1   .   Otherwise   you   clip   sounds.   Assume   a   length   of   2   seconds.
1.    Generate   an   amplitude    modulated   sine   wave   with   carrier   frequency    (fc)   of   250      Hz   and   a      modulating   frequency   (fm)   of   1   Hz   and   scale   it   by   0.8   .    (5   points)y1   (t) = 0   .8   sin(2πfmt)   sin(2πfct)                                                                                                                                                               (11)
2.    Generate another amplitude   modulated sine wave with carrier   frequency   (fc) of 500   Hz   and   a   modulating   frequency   (fm)   of   5   Hz   and   scale   it   by   0.3   .    (5   points)y2   (t) = 0   .3   sin(2πfmt)   sin(2πfct)                                                                                                                                                               (12)
3.    Generate   a   frequency   modulated   signal   with   a   carrier   frequency   (fc)   of   800    Hz   and   a   modulating   fre-   quency   (fm)   of   5   Hz   and   amplitude   for   the   frequency   modulation   of   200   .    (10   points)y3   (t) = 0   .3   sin(2πfct   + 200   sin(2πfmt))                                                                                                                                                (13)
4.    Generate    a    rising   chirp   signal   with   a   carrier   frequency    (fc)   of   400    Hz   and   the   following   equation    (5   points)
6.    Concatenate   all   these   ﬁve   signals   into   a   large   variable   y   with   a   brief   0.25s   silent   period   between   them   and   use   the   audiowrite   command   to   save   to   disk.    (10   points)
7.    Calculate   the   spectrogram   of this   concatenated   signal   y   which   is   a   time   frequency   signal   that   provides   you   a   glimpse   of   the   frequency   content   of   the   signal   along   with    how   the   signal   varies   as   a   function   of   time.      For   spectrogram   parameters   in   MATLAB   use   1024   as   your   window   size,   512   as   your   overlap   and      1024   points   for   your      FFT,   and      12000   as   your      Fs.         (20   points)   .       MATLAB   has   a   function   called spectrogram   for   this   very   purpose   :)!
8.    Comment   on   the   spectrogram   of   the   signal   and   link   it   back   to   the   equations   you   used   for   generating   the   signal.      Can   you   explain   why   you   see   what   you   see   in   the   spectrogram?    (10   points)
9.    Download   the    Project6   audioFile.mp3   ﬁle   from   blackboard   and   use   the   spectrogram   command   on   it.   Use   2048   samples   as   your   window,   1024   samples   as   overlap,   8192   points   for   your   FFT,   and   use   the   Fs retrieved   from   the   ﬁle.    (20   points)   .
10.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.    Provide   a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.    (This   will   need   some   research)   .    (5   points)   .
11.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.    Files   should   execute   with   minimal   modiﬁcation.    (5   points)   .
8          Simulating    Hodgkin   Huxley   models   of   the   squid   giant   axon   (advanced)This    project    is    meant    for    people    with    signiﬁcant      amount   of      programming      experience    in    MATLAB    and/or   other    languages    and    any    experience    in    solving    diferential    equations    using      MATLAB.      In    this    project,      you   get   the   exciting   opportunity   to   simulate   the   famous    Hodgkin    Huxley    models    of   a   single   giant   squid   axon.   This   was   one   of   the   earliest   demonstrations   of   the      power   of   using   quantitative      methods   to   analyze   single   neuron   spikes.      The   governing   equations   for   the      Hodgkin      Huxley      Model   are   as   follows.      If   you   want   to   read   more   about   Hodgkin   Huxley   models,   an   excellent   introduction   is   available   at http://www.math.pitt.edu/
bdoiron/assets/ermentrout-and-terman-ch-1.pdf.      Iam assuming the   resting   potential   is at   0   mV   like   the   Hodgkin   Huxley   experiments.

The   constants   are   as   follows:

For   the   rate   constants   that   depend   on   membrane   voltage   assume   the   following   equations




1.    Plot   the    properties   of   the   gating   variables   m,n,   and   h   as   a   function   of   input   voltage.    Does   this    match   your   understanding   of   how   an   action   potential   is   generated?    (30   points)   .
2.    Simulate   an   action   potential   using   the   hodgkin   huxley   model.    Get   it   to   generate   a   spike!(30   points)   .
3.    Simulate action   potentials   using the   hodgkin   huxley   model you   programmed and also   use several diferent   currents   from   2   μA   to   10   μA.   (30   points)   .
4.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.    Provide   a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.    (This   will   need   some   research)   .    (5   points)   .
5.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.    Files   should   execute   with   minimal   modiﬁcation.    (5   points)   .Classiﬁcation   and   summarizing   variance   is   a   key   part   of   neuroscience.      This   project   is   for   people   who   enjoy   playing with   high dimensional data   and want   to derive   intuitions   for   principal   components   analysis.      I   recognize   for   many   of the   class   that   this   might   not   be   what   has   been   thought   in   lecture   but   there   is   an   opportunity   for   you   to   think   about   these   problems   if you   are   interested   in   data   sciences   and   machine   learning   in   general.
9          Temperature   dataIn   this   project,   we   are   going   to   use   boxplots,   t-tests,   anovas,   and   regression   to   understand   statistical   data.   These   statistical   techniques   are   used   often   in   neuroscience   and   psychology.    The   temperature   data    is just   a   convenient   way   to   actually   play   with   these   techniques.      Download   the      NOAA   climate   data   from   blackboard   for   6   cities:    Miami,   Boston,   NY,   San   Francisco,   Austin,   and   Bozeman.    Perform   the   following   analysis.
1.    Use   a    boxplot   to   plot   the   mean   temperature   over   the   last   century   (averaged   over   the   12   months   in   a   year) for the cities.    Make sure you label the x-axes with the correct labels and they-axis with temperature   (10   points)   .2.      Write a function that   performs an   unpaired t-test   with   pooled   variance.    Is   the   mean   temperature   (Again   averaged   over   12   months)   for   NY   over   the   last   century   diferent   from   that   of   Boston.    Compare   your   results   from   the   outputs   from   the   inbuilt   ttest2   function   which   performs   unpaired   t-tests   (15   points)   .
3.    Use   an   ANOVA   to   compare   the    mean   temperature   for   the   cities.    Test   for   the    main   efect   that   there   are   diferences   between   the   cities   (15   points)   .
4.    Use   the   multcompare   function   to   perform   posthoc   tests   to   show   that   there   are diferences   between   the   cities   (10   points)   .
5.    Plot   the   mean   temperature   as   a   function   of year   for   the   six   cities   (10   points)   .
6.    Use   a   regression   analysis   to   estimate   the   change   in   temperature   as   a   function of time.    Using the   slopes   can   you   say   which   city   has   demonstrated   the   most   rapid   change   in   temperature   most   during   this   last 100   years?    (20   points)   .
7.    Create   a   plot   with   the   slopes   and   conﬁdence   intervals   for   the   slopes.    Create   another    plot   that   shows   the   amount   of variance   explained   by   the   regression.    Identify   the   two   cities   with   the   strongest   efect   of   time   on   temperature.
8.    Label   all   axes   and    include   legends   and   make   sure   all   labels   are   legible.    Provide   a   title   for   all   the   graphs   at   the   top   of the   ﬁgure.    (This   will   need   some   research)   .    (5   points)   .
9.    All   functions   need   to   be   commented   and   code   needs   appropriate   comments.    Files   should   execute   with   minimal   modiﬁcation.    (5   points)   .
10.    BONUS    question:      For   question   2,   ensure   your   function      has   the   option   to      perform   a   t-test   assuming   unequal   variance   for   the   two   groups.   This   is   called   Welch’s   t-test.    (20   points)   .

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
